add files identity lifecycles-2 (#2543)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/identity-lifecycles/role-based-provisioning.md

# Configure Role-Based Provisioning

This page guides you through provisioning users <!--[provisioning users](TODO:link-to-concept)--> based on the roles they are assigned to. With role-based provisioning, the user is provisioned when the user is added to a pre-configured role, and the user is deleted from the trusted identity provider when the user is removed from the role.

Follow the steps given below to configure role-based provisioning in WSO2 Identity Server. 

----

{! fragments/register-an-identity-provider.md !}

> 1.	Expand the **Outbound Provisioning Connectors** section with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.	Expand the **Outbound Provisioning Connectors** section and select
```

    [Google](../../../guides/identity-lifecycles/outbound-provisioning-with-google),
    [SCIM](../../../guides/identity-lifecycles/outbound-provisioning-with-scim)
    or [Salesforce connecter](../../../guides/identity-lifecycles/outbound-provisioning-with-salesforce).
2.	Expand the **Role Configuration** section and enter a role name (or
    set of roles as a comma-separated list) for the **Identity Provider
    OutBound Provisioning Roles** field as seen below.  
    For this flow, a role named "provision" was created and has been
    entered here.

    !!! info
        If you do not have roles already, see the [Add a User Role](../../../guides/identity-lifecycles/add-user-roles)
        topic to add roles.

    ![configuring-role-and-perrmissions](../../../assets/img/guides/configuring-role-and-perrmissions.png)

3.  Click **Update** to save changes.

---

## Configure outbound provisioning

{! fragments/configure-outbound-provisioning.md !}

1.  Click **Update** to save changes.

	![outbound-provisioning-config](../../../assets/img/fragments/outbound-provisioning-config.png)

---

## Try it out

1.  In the **Main** menu of the management console, click **Add** under

>     **Users and Roles** under the **Identity** menu.

Reviewer: this sentence seems a bit hard to read
